                            Program IMAGE_OVL
                              15 March 2020

image_ovl <options>

Combine an image and a overlay drawing from a display list (.displ file)
to a single image.

The overlay drawing file can, for example, result from drawing over an
image with the IMAGE_DISP program.  IMAGE_DISP does not alter the image it
displays.  It creates a file with the overlay drawing.  The IMAGE_OVL
program can be used to permanently add the drawing to an image, or create
a separate composite image.

The command line options are:

  -IMG <image file name>
  <image file name>

    Specifies the source image, sets it as the destination image, and
    implicitly specifies the overlay drawing file.  The overlay drawing
    file must have the same generic name as the image file, but with the
    suffix ".displ".

    The first form of this command line option with the -IMG keyword works
    in all cases.  The second form without -IMG is a shorcut that is only
    allowed when the image file name does not start with a dash (-).

  -IN <image file name>

    Specifies the source image only.  This overrides the input image file
    name from any previous command line option.

  -OUT <image file name>

    Specifies the destination image only.  This overrides the output image
    file name from any previous command line option.

  -OVL <overlay drawing file name>

    Specifies the overlay drawing file only.  This overrides the overlay
    drawing file name from any previous command line option.

Drawing overlay information is independent of image scaling.  The -1 to 1
square in X and Y overlay drawing space is always centered and maximized
within the image.  The output image will have the same dimensions as the
input image, and the overlay will also be drawn with these dimensions.

It can be desirable to apply an overlay to the highest resolution version
available of an image.  Scaling that down to lower resolutions (such as
with the IMAGE_RESIZE or IMAGE_FILTER programs) will result in anti-alised
overlay drawing.

For example, consider an image originally captured by a camera at 4266 x
2844 pixels.  This original is then filtered to create a 1620 x 1080
version for fast direct display on a 1920 x 1080 screen.  This image is
displayed on a 1920 x 1080 screen with the IMAGE_DISP program, and overlay
drawing is created.

For best results, use IMAGE_OVL to apply the drawing to the original 4266
x 2844 image, not the shrunk 1620 x 1080 image.  The overlay drawing was
captured on the 1920 x 1080 screen, so the resolution of its coordinates
will always be limited to that.  However, when applied to the 4266 x 2844
image, the overlay will be scaled and drawn at that resolution.  If the
composite 4266 x 2844 image is then filtered down to 1620 x 1080, the
overlay drawing will appear smoother than it the overlay was directly
applied to the 1620 x 1080 image.
